doc(README.md): specify subcharttype name (#333)
helm-unittest/helm-unittest: README.md

## Dependent subchart Testing

> If you have hard subcharts (installed via `helm dependency`) existed in `charts` directory (they don't need to be extracted), it is possible to unittest these from the root chart. This feature can be helpful to validate if good default values are accidentally overwritten within your default helm chart.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you have hard dependency subcharts (installed via `helm dependency`) existed in `charts` directory (they don't need to be extracted), it is possible to unittest these from the root chart. This feature can be helpful to validate if good default values are accidentally overwritten within your default helm chart.
```

I would prefer to use both words to align with the [chart dependency subcharts documenation](https://helm.sh/docs/glossary/#chart-dependency-subcharts) of helm docs.

## Tests within subchart

> If you have customized soft subchart (not installed via `helm dependency`) existed in `charts` directory, tests inside would also be executed by default. You can disable this behavior by setting `--with-subchart=false` flag in cli, thus only the tests in root chart will be executed. Notice that the values defined in subchart tests will be automatically scoped, you don't have to add dependency scope yourself:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you have customized hard dependency subchart (not installed via `helm dependency`, but added manually) existed in `charts` directory, tests inside would also be executed by default. You can disable this behavior by setting `--with-subchart=false` flag in cli, thus only the tests in root chart will be executed. Notice that the values defined in subchart tests will be automatically scoped, you don't have to add dependency scope yourself:
```

I would also hard dependency as these subcharts are still within the scope of a hard dependency (containing in the charts folder).
Using the word soft implies a soft dependency, which basically describes a dependent helmchart which is separately deployed.
